Add iOS Meetings outcome document (#239)
Babylonpartners/ios-playbook: Cookbook/Technical-Documents/MeetingOutcomes.md

# iOS meeting outcomes

A place to store all the outcomes from the iOS chapter meetings, in reversed chronological order.

Please always be mindful of not leaking sensitive information here. Double-check with your teammates to be sure, if you need to.

> 

Author: ```suggestion

### Banter
iOS support engineer to tackle smaller BAU tickets during support down-time.
Team activities TBD.
```

# iOS meeting outcomes

A place to store all the outcomes from the iOS chapter meetings, in reversed chronological order.

Please always be mindful of not leaking sensitive information here. Double-check with your teammates to be sure, if you need to.

### Banter

> iOS support engineer to tackle smaller BAU tickets during support down-time.

Author: ```suggestion
iOS support engineer to tackle smaller BAU tickets during support down-time.

```

# iOS meeting outcomes

A place to store all the outcomes from the iOS chapter meetings, in reversed chronological order.

> Please always be mindful of not leaking sensitive information here. Double-check with your teammates to be sure, if you need to.

Author: ```suggestion
Each entry should be updated by the meeting organizer after the meeting has ended. Please always be mindful of not leaking sensitive information here. Double-check with your teammates to be sure, if you need to.
```

> ### Banter

Author: ```suggestion
### Banter, 19 Sept 2019
```

iOS support engineer to tackle smaller BAU tickets during support down-time.

Team activities TBD.
### Proposal: split octopus, 19 Sept 2019

> Rejected as the amount of work to move octopus to its own framework is not worth the time. Splitting octopus will, instead, be tackled squad by squad with smaller pieces of work (e.g. Payments, GPaH).

Reviewer: Need a link to the proposal PR

> # iOS meeting outcomes

Author: ```suggestion
# iOS meeting outcomes

A place to store all the outcomes from the iOS chapter meetings, in reversed chronological order.

Please always be mindful of not leaking sensitive information here. Double-check with your teammates to be sure, if you need to.
```

### Lunch and learn, 19 Sept 2019

> A [trello board](https://trello.com/b/7INoC8YK/improvements-architecture-process) with architecture and process improvements has been created and issues prioritized.

Author: WIP as the meeting is still ongoing, it was to give an example

> A [trello board](https://trello.com/b/7INoC8YK/improvements-architecture-process) with architecture and process improvements has been created and issues prioritized.

Author: ```suggestion
A [trello board](https://trello.com/b/7INoC8YK/improvements-architecture-process) with architecture and process improvements. Issues to be prioritized by @AnnKatF.
```

# iOS meeting outcomes

A place to store all the outcomes from the iOS chapter meetings, in reversed chronological order.

Please always be mindful of not leaking sensitive information here. Double-check with your teammates to be sure, if you need to.

> ### Lunch and learn, 19 Sept 2019

Author: ```suggestion
### Proposal: split octopus, 19 Sept 2019
Rejected as the amount of work to move octopus to its own framework is not worth the time. Splitting octopus will, instead, be tackled squad by squad with smaller pieces of work (e.g. Payments, GPaH).

### Lunch and learn, 19 Sept 2019
```
